config: allow to call config:get() from app script (#8929)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/config-get-configuration-from-app.md

## feature/config

> * Allow to access a configuration from an application script using
>   `config:get()` (gh-8862).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is now possible to access configuration from the application script using the
  `config:get()` function (gh-8862).
```

Author: Applied with replacement of `function` to `method`. Thanks!
